doc: Document Flex cluster support in `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource and data sources (#3070)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/advanced_cluster.md

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You might find group_id in the official documentation.

> -> **NOTE:** Flex clusters are now supported by this resource. Additionally, [M0 cluster can be upgraded to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) and a [Flex cluster can be upgraded to Dedicated](#Example-Flex-Cluster-Upgrade). When creating a Flex cluster, make sure to set the priority value to 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** Flex clusters are supported by this resource. Additionally, [M0 cluster can be upgraded to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) and a [Flex cluster can be upgraded to Dedicated](#Example-Flex-Cluster-Upgrade). When creating a Flex cluster, make sure to set the priority value to 7.
```

Reviewer 2: we can make this more active

```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** This resource supports Flex clusters. Additionally, you can upgrade [M0 clusters to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) and [Flex clusters to Dedicated](#Example-Flex-Cluster-Upgrade). When creating a Flex cluster, make sure to set the priority value to 7.
```

**NOTE:** There can only be one M0 cluster per project.

> **NOTE**: Upgrading the tenant cluster to flex cluster or a dedicated cluster is supported. When upgrading to flex cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to "FLEX". See [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) below. When upgrading to a dedicated cluster, change the `provider_name` to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below. You can upgrade a tenant cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Upgrading the tenant cluster to  a Flex cluster or a dedicated cluster is supported. When upgrading to a Flex cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to "FLEX". See [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) below. When upgrading to a dedicated cluster, change the `provider_name` to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below. You can upgrade a tenant cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater.
```

> **NOTE**: Upgrading the tenant cluster to flex cluster or a dedicated cluster is supported. When upgrading to flex cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to "FLEX". See [Example Tenant Clluster Upgrade to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) below. When upgrading to a dedicated cluster, change the `provider_name` to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below. You can upgrade a tenant cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater.

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Upgrading the tenant cluster to flex cluster or a dedicated cluster is supported. When upgrading to flex cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to "FLEX". See [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) below. When upgrading to a dedicated cluster, change the `provider_name` to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below. You can upgrade a tenant cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater.
```

> **NOTE**: Upgrading the tenant cluster to flex cluster or a dedicated cluster is supported. When upgrading to flex cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to "FLEX". See [Example Tenant Clluster Upgrade to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) below. When upgrading to a dedicated cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below. You can upgrade a tenant cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Upgrading the tenant cluster to flex cluster or a dedicated cluster is supported. When upgrading to flex cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to "FLEX". See [Example Tenant Clluster Upgrade to Flex](#example-tenant-cluster-upgrade-to-flex) below. When upgrading to a dedicated cluster, change the `provider_name` to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Tenant-Cluster-Upgrade) below. You can upgrade a tenant cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater.
```

}
```

### Example Tenant Cluster Upgrade to Flex

```terraform
resource "mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster" "example-flex" {
  project_id   = "PROJECT ID"
  name         = "NAME OF CLUSTER"
  cluster_type = "REPLICASET"

  replication_specs {
    region_configs {
      provider_name = "FLEX"
      backing_provider_name = "AWS"
      region_name = "US_EAST_1"
      priority = 7
    }
  }
}
```

### Example Flex Cluster

```terraform
resource "mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster" "example-flex" {
  project_id   = "PROJECT ID"
  name         = "NAME OF CLUSTER"
  cluster_type = "REPLICASET"

  replication_specs {
    region_configs {
      provider_name = "FLEX"
      backing_provider_name = "AWS"
      region_name = "US_EAST_1"
      priority = 7
    }
  }
}
```

> **NOTE**: Upgrading the flex cluster is supported. When upgrading from the flex cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Flex Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Flex-Cluster-Upgrade) below. You can upgrade a flex cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Upgrading the Flex cluster is supported. When upgrading from a Flex cluster, change the `provider_name` from "TENANT" to your preferred provider (AWS, GCP or Azure) and remove the variable `backing_provider_name`.  See the [Example Flex Cluster Upgrade](#Example-Flex-Cluster-Upgrade) below. You can upgrade a Flex cluster only to a single provider on an M10-tier cluster or greater. 
```
